yes we are running a hierarchical
organization and yes we do want you to
protocols and yes if you don't we want
you out of the organization that doesn't
make anyone who operates like that a
[ __ ] fascist there's a widespread
misconception in the vegan movement that
anyone who dares to criticize the
movement is trying to destroy the
movement whereas the reality is that the
critics are the people trying to improve
the movement trying to save the movement
through criticism the first thing that
they say is that the organization is
very hierarchical as if to say
berry-berry would imply that this like
some kind that we have chosen and you
know a lot of these people claim to be
human rights activists it's part about
human rights to operate an organization
in the way that we choose again and
again I caution people how absurd would
it be if a film director someone who
makes movies responded to the critics by
pointing their finger and saying you're
trying to destroy the art of cinema
you're trying to destroy the film
industry or even you're trying to
destroy my own career as a filmmaker
okay you have to have a sympathetic
positive appreciation for the role the
critic and it's needless to say the
people in charge of anonymous for the
voiceless are utterly lacking this kind
of humility there was there was always a
heart involved now that all of a sudden
the hierarchy is a problem seems just a
cop-out yeah I think that's bandwagon
let's move on a V headquarters
maintenance control over the Facebook
groups and events and can remove
organizers at any time for any reason
I mean of course
right the precise complaints that are
tearing their organization apart today
were presented in greater depth and in a
thoughtful open-ended way on my channel
two years ago and then there was also a
claim that volunteer attendance is
dropping due to hatred for a V or hatred
for me specifically it's safe to say
that Paul and a Sal knew about the
critique on my channel because you may
remember Julie Karp strong participated
he wrote in to me he spoke to me just at
that time Julie Karp strong was at the
peak of his fame and influence he was
doing television interviews newspaper
interviews radio interviews he
particularly liked a couple of videos on
my channel at that time he realized a
video I did on veganism and palm oil
production palm oil plantations and he
watched the videos on my channel
criticizing and honest with the
voiceless he wrote into me I made a
further video responding to his thoughts
in my video it is reasonable to assume
that Paul and a Sal either
became aware of my critique of what they
were doing through Joey Karp strong or
through Isaac his YouTube channel is
called ask yourself it's not six degrees
of separation guys vegan youtubers
there's belt one degree of separation
and it's one click of the mouse it's not
much effort it's reasonable to suppose
that they heard the criticism at that
time and then every opportunity to
really think about it and have a
substantive response and adapt and they
didn't like all and it's a baseless
claim as an organizer you should just
handle that effectively went out the
fact that it's baseless and point out
the fact that the animals need you to
get on with it
a bhq once an organization with
thousands of people with global reach
they want complete ideological alignment
and they want to maintain all of the
power and they don't want to spend any
energy having discussions to address
concerns or as
issues while we're doing that right now
we would rather have we currently have
roughly 900 chapters we would rather
have 500 chapters who operate in
alignment with our ethos and are all on
the same page
they want complete ideological alignment
and they want to maintain all of the
power and they don't want to spend any
energy having discussions we would
rather have five hundred chapters who
operate in alignment with our ethos and
are all on the same page then to have
four hundred chapters about 900 were all
doing their own thing
passive-aggressively dragging their and
ruining it essentially for the rest of
us so that's our ethos that's our goal
we don't have a goal of being the
largest animal rights organization with
the most chapters in the world
necessarily I can't strike a joking
upbeat tone in this video because for me
it's really very sad what we're talking
about here thousands of people worldwide
it's only a couple thousand don't
exaggerate the numbers but thousands of
people wasted many thousands of hours
standing in silence wearing a mask and
holding a computer monitor accomplishing
nothing and this is not the whole of my
critique of what's wrong with anonymous
to the voiceless but it's a really
important part one of the organizers one
of the leaders who's been speaking to me
I mean in total about three people from
the organization have spoken to me since
I gauged this critique um but one of
them said to me not only were my
criticisms correct of what anonymous the
voices was doing wrong but he said he
actually did a survey of the
participants of the activists he was
organizing and he asked them what are
your main complaints what are your
concerns what would you like to improve
what should we do better and the top two
answers were people don't want to wear
the mask people don't want to stand in
silence
holding a computer monitor and he said
from his perspective as an organizer
some of these people he knows are really
talented their time could be better
spent even if it was
having the computer monitor affixed to a
sign like or a table or a stand and then
instead of standing there in silence
well in the some of these people are
really talented they could be speaking
to people face-to-face they could be
using their time and energy man these
people have jobs some of them are
raising kids yeah ultimately as I've
said in many different videos in many
different contexts there comes a point
where wasting someone's time is an
ethical problem where it's actually
immoral to be wasting someone's time and
I think that the design of anonymous to
the voiceless inevitably and inexorably
waste people's time and then we have
these two people at the centre of the
organization and their personal theme
and wealth and influence relies on them
defending indefensible things just
stupid assumptions they came up with in
the first few weeks of trying this out
in Chiang Mai Thailand but their own
egos their own sense of prestige is
attached to this so they're gonna carry
on kicking anyone out shutting anyone
down silencing anyone who dares the
question who dares to discuss what does
it mean to be effective as activists as
advocates for cultural and political
change but there's no explanation I mean
it would be nice on what they mean by
corrupt because it's insulting truly
corrupt regimes and people who are
victims of truly corrupt regimes yeah
okay so the next one is a B is broken
and doesn't work
is this an actual thing that was
something did we get the thing he's like
wow even deserve a response a B is ran
by fascists yes we are running a
hierarchical organization and yes we do
want your particles and yes if you don't
we want you out of the organization that
doesn't make anyone who operates like
that a [ __ ] fascist it just goes to
show you that we have in place doesn't
make you a fascist but it also goes to
show how people are so willing to be the
victim they to be a victim of some
legitimate injustice yeah and this is
injustice fascism literally subjects
people to murder it oppresses people and
the interesting thing is that by using
their own logic that's actually how they
are behaved their own behavior is more
aligned with fascism so if you don't do
this I'm gonna leave if you don't then
it's not okay it's not good it's broken
if you don't listen to me the other
point is that fascism is usually linked
to white supremacy and we're all and I
I'm not white people I mean we do get
that claim thrown at us as well I don't
know how from our names or a skin color
people can clearly see that we're not
why it's not that being white is fine
but we're not so I again I also want to
bring up the fact that Assad was born in
Iran and Iran it's closer to a fascist
regime than what these people will ever
[ __ ] understand but it also goes to
show how people are so willing to be the
victim they were to be a victim like Sal
was literally raised in a regime like
that and you know a lot of these people
claim to be human rights activists it is
part of our human rights to operate an
organization in the way
we choose our fascism is usually linked
to white supremacy thus I was born in
Iran and I I'm not white people but it
also goes to show how people are so
willing to be the victim they to be a
victim Iran it's closer to a fascist
regime than what these people will ever
[ __ ] understand
so the Jim comes from a regime that is
truly patriotic or so Assad was actually
closer to being a victim of a
patriarchal and fascist regime than
these [ __ ] people will never know
anything about